[document update] add capacity-block to market_type description (#38579)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/instance.html.markdown

The `instance_market_options` block supports the following:

> * `market_type` - (Optional) Type of market for the instance. Valid value is `spot` and `capacity-block`. Defaults to `spot`. Required if `spot_options` is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `market_type` - (Optional) Type of market for the instance. Valid values are `spot` and `capacity-block`. Defaults to `spot`. Required if `spot_options` is specified.
```
